docs: update ranking information (#2749)
anuraghazra/github-readme-stats: readme.md

```

> **Note**

> > Available ranks are S+ (top 2.5%), S (top 10%), A+ (top 25%), A (top 50%), B+ (top 75%) and B (everyone). The values are calculated from the user's commits, pull requests, issues, stars and followers using a  [Exponential_distribution](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exponential_distribution). The implementation can be investigated at [src/calculateRank.js](./src/calculateRank.js).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Available ranks are S+ (top 2.5%), S (top 10%), A+ (top 25%), A (top 50%), B+ (top 75%) and B (everyone). The rank is a weighted sum of ranks for each statistic (number of commits, pull requests, issues, stars and followers), based on the cumulative distribution function of an [exponential distribution](https://wikipedia.org/wiki/exponential_distribution). The implementation can be investigated at [src/calculateRank.js](./src/calculateRank.js).
```
